[PRIMA-12284]: [Pyxis] Add Readme.md (#61)
primait/pyxis: README.md

# Pyxis
The Prima Assicurazioni's design system.

<img alt="Pyxis Design System" src="https://react-staging.prima.design/static/media/banner.c4b4f1bf.png" width="100%" />

## 🌌 Introduction
Pyxis Design System is the framework that helps our ecosystem to design and develop consistent and quality experiences.

> This repository hosts libraries for web applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is made up of: 
- a representation of our _Design Tokens_
- an _SCSS_ library
- an _Elm_ ui kit 
- a _React_ ui kit
```

## ✨ Core packages
In order to allow you to consume the elements of the Design System according to your product constraints, we give you the possibility of using the Pyxis web libraries with different technologies & levels of granularity with core packages developed and maintained by the Pyxis core team.

> Here's a full list of packages that we support in this repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> | Package name                               | Description                                                                                           |

Author: La tabella la terrei, mi sembra molto utile per capire com'è strutturato il monorepo, mergio però con la parte sopra, che in effetti diventa così poco utile

|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [`@pyxis/scss`](./packages/pyxis-scss)     | Pyxis foundations and components realize in SCSS. This is the base repository for working with Pyxis. |
| [`@pyxis/elm`](./packages/pyxis-elm)       | Pyxis Elm components and Elmbook Documentation.                                                       |
| [`@pyxis/react`](./packages/pyxis-react)   | Pyxis React components and Storybook Documentation.                                                   |
| [`@pyxis/tokens`](./packages/pyxis-tokens) | A collection of Design Token on which our foundations are built.                                      |
| [`@pyxis/icons`](./packages/pyxis-icons)   | A collection of icons in svg used in our Design System.                                               |

## 📚 Documentation

> To allow you to make the best use of the Design System and its APIs we have structured 3 documentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can take a look at our live-documentation by following:
```

> - [SassDoc](https://scss-staging.prima.design/) — A collection of all the mixins and useful SCSS functions of Pyxis. Most of this documentation is about foundations.
> - [Storybook](https://react-staging.prima.design/) — It will collect the documentation of all the components made in React, and not only, as it’s already present all the documentation about foundations, and it’s also a good way to know the HTML structure beyond the components.
> - [Elmbook](https://elm-staging.prima.design/buttons) — A documentation about the usage of components made in Elm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [SCSS documentation](https://scss-staging.prima.design/)
- [React documentation](https://react-staging.prima.design/)
- [Elm documentation](https://elm-staging.prima.design/) 
```

Author: Non sarebbe meglio spiegare un minimo cosa c'è all'interno?

Author: Ok, allora per ora qui lascio solo i link, poi spieghiamo meglio nei singoli sotto progetti cosa contengono le doc

## ⌨️ Development
Pyxis was built as a single repository, in order to improve the development experience, as each repository is closely linked to another. For this we have structured everything with [Yarn workspaces](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/workspaces/) in order to manage dependencies and build config across package. [Lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/) is used to manage versioning & publishing.

> Run the following to setup your local dev environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following commands to setup your local dev environment:
```

```sh
# Install `yarn`, alternatives at https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install
brew install yarn

# Clone `pyxis`
git clone git@github.com:primait/pyxis.git # or your fork
cd pyxis

# Install dependencies
yarn install

# Launch Storybook
yarn storybook:serve

> # Launch Elmbook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Run Elm live-documentation dev server
```

yarn elmbook:serve
```

For a specific documentation about development view the Readme on the sub-repository.

> ### Generate icons
> Pyxis also includes a repository which contains all icons in svg `@pyxis/icons`, we provide a script to turn icons into components within React and Elm. We can launch it with the command:
> ```sh
> yarn generate:icons
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Generate icons
Pyxis also includes a repository which contains all icons in svg `@pyxis/icons`, we provide a script to turn icons into components within React and Elm. 

 You can generate icons by running the following command:
```sh
yarn generate:icons
```
```

> ### Build Design Tokens
> The pyxis foundations are based on the Design Tokens contained within `@pyxis/tokens`. Tokens currently generate all SCSS maps and variables contained in `@pyxis/scss`.
> 
> ```sh
> yarn tokens:build
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Generate Design Tokens
Pyxis foundations is a set of constants obtained by the Design Token entities. 

To generate fresh tokens, run the following command:
```sh
yarn tokens:build
```
```

# Pyxis
The Prima Assicurazioni's design system.

<img alt="Pyxis Design System" src="pyxis.png" width="100%" />

## ✨ Introduction
Pyxis is our Design System which helps Prima's to build UI-consistent applications.

In order to allow you to build your application, Pyxis offers you a ready-to-use kit with three different technologies and languages.
In addition we also maintain two packages regarding Icons and Design Tokens.

| Package name                               | Description                                                                                           |
|--------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | [`@pyxis/scss`](./packages/pyxis-scss)     | Pyxis foundations and components realize in SCSS. This is the base repository for working with Pyxis. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`@pyxis/scss`](./packages/pyxis-scss)     | SCSS foundations and components documentation |
```

> | [`@pyxis/elm`](./packages/pyxis-elm)       | Pyxis Elm components and Elmbook Documentation.                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`@pyxis/elm`](./packages/pyxis-elm)       | Elm components and Elmbook documentation.                                                       |
```

| [`@pyxis/react`](./packages/pyxis-react)   | Pyxis React components and Storybook Documentation.                                                   |
| [`@pyxis/tokens`](./packages/pyxis-tokens) | A collection of Design Tokens on which our foundations are built.                                      |

> | [`@pyxis/icons`](./packages/pyxis-icons)   | A collection of icons in svg used in our Design System.                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`@pyxis/icons`](./packages/pyxis-icons)   | A collection of SVG icons used in our Design System.                                               |
```

- [SassDoc](https://scss-staging.prima.design/) — A collection of all the mixins and useful SCSS functions of Pyxis. Most of this documentation is about foundations.
- [Storybook](https://react-staging.prima.design/) — It will collect the documentation of all the components made in React, and not only, as it’s already present all the documentation about foundations, and it’s also a good way to know the HTML structure beyond the components.
- [Elmbook](https://elm-staging.prima.design/buttons) — A documentation about the usage of components made in Elm.

## ⌨️ Development
Pyxis was built as a single repository with development simplicity in mind.

To achieve this we had chosen to use [Yarn workspaces](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/workspaces/) for dependencies handling and [Lerna](https://github.com/lerna/lerna/) manage versioning and publishing.

Run the following commands to setup your local dev environment:

```sh
# Install `yarn`, alternatives at https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install
brew install yarn

# Clone `pyxis`
git clone git@github.com:primait/pyxis.git
cd pyxis

# Install dependencies
yarn install

# Run React live-documentation dev server
yarn storybook:serve

> Run Elm live-documentation dev server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Run Elm live-documentation dev server
```

yarn elmbook:serve
```

For a specific documentation about development view the Readme on the sub-repository.

### Generate icons

> Pyxis also includes a repository which contains all icons in svg `@pyxis/icons`, we provide a script to turn icons into components within React and Elm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pyxis also includes a repository, `@pyxis/icons`, which contains all our SVG icons. We provided a script to turn icons into components within React and Elm.
```
